IN HIS 8TH YEAR OF REIGN.
AS RUMORS OF TREASON FILL THE COURT.
KING KWANGHAE SECRETLY COMMANDS
"FIND A MAN WITH MY RESEMBLANCE
HE SHALL STAY
IN THE ROYAL CHAMBER AFTER SUNSET
MATTERS NEED NOT BE KNOWN
SHALL BE REMOVED FROM THE GAZETTE"
JOURNALS OF KING GWANGHAE
FEB 28. 1616
Drink it.
I said drink.
What are you waiting for?
Punish me with death. Your Majesty.
-Punish us with death.
Chief Royal Secretary to see His Majesty.
What happened?
Th silver spoon has turned black.
I shall have my bedchamber moved at once.
Your Majesty.
You must hold your ground
especially at a time like this.
Is that all you have to say?
What would please your enemies more
than to see you abandon your quarters?
I beg Your Majesty to take heed.
Approach me.
Leave us.
Have you found one?
Forgive me. sire but…
Make haste.
He must look exactly like me.
I cannot trust anyone.
No one.
-I beg Your Majesty to take heed.
Don't you hear the cries of the scholars?
I beg you to allow
an inquisition of Yu Jeong-ho.
-We beg of Your Majesty.
No. Your Majesty.
If you allow
inquisitions based on hearsay.
there'll be a flood
of unjustified accusations.
giving rise to great disarray.
You are crossing the line.
Chief Secretary.
How dare you dismiss
the advice of the king's loyal servants?
It worries me
that you're only after rumors
while there are more urgent
and outstanding state affairs.
What is more urgent than treason?
Your Majesty.
Yu Jeong-ho must be put to death at once.
No. Your Majesty.
Punishment can wait
until right and wrong has been determined.
Yu Jeong-ho is a dangerous man.
Give us a royal command. Your Majesty.
-Your command. Your Majesty.
His Majesty the King!
-Your Majesty.
Yu is a heretic
who rejects orthodox teachings.
Retribution for his crime
must not be delayed.
-We beg Your Majesty to take heed.
I beg Your Majesty to take heed.
Tread on our backs if you must.
-We beg of Your Majesty.
This time.
they will really have my brother beheaded.
Madam.
This madness will only end
upon my own death.
His Majesty the King!
The king climbs
over the wall and opens the door
and asks for Hong-jin.
Hong-jin.
Where are you. my dear?
Gotcha! You're hiding here.
Come on out. Come on out of there.
There you go!
Oh my. Let's see.
Oh my. Aren't you voluptuous?
You're in luck tonight.
My gosh!
"Your Majesty.
You call upon me without notice again.
If you keep doing this.
I fear it will be the death of me."
-All right!
-Come here. whore.
The king takes her soft hand
and pulls her deep into the court.
-All right!
-He reaches for her undergarment.
And her ample derriere rubs
against his royal body.
All right!
-The king smiles happily.
-Oh my!
Then. once on the left!
Once on the right!
And flips her over for some more!
Watching the sunrise in the east.
-Oh my!
-Bang!
Watching the sunset in the west.
Bang!
Bang here and bang there!
-All night long!
-Bang!
Take off the cover.
Sir.
The king involving himself
with the court ladies
is such an absurd idea.
Something like that
can never happen in real life.
And that's what makes it so interesting.
-Help him up.
-I'm sorry?
With all due respect. sir. Who are you?
Listen to me carefully.
In a moment.
you shall have an audience with the king.
Sir?
When His Majesty asks you a question.
respond with "Yes. Your Majesty."
When a longer answer is required.
you must answer by saying
"If it pleases Your Majesty."
You must not ask questions
or look upon his face.
Do you understand?
Make him presentable to the king.
Wretch.
Lift your head.
Repeat what I say.
"Is anyone there?"
Yes. Your Majesty.
I said repeat.
-Yes. Your Majesty.
-Insufferable wretch!
Is that all you have to say?
If it pleases Your Majesty.
"Repeat what I say.
Is anyone there?
I said repeat.
Insufferable wretch!
Is that all you have to say?"
Not bad indeed.
He performs masked farce
at a courtesans' house.
As he has basic knowledge
of Chinese characters.
I presume he is not of the lowest birth.
Oh. my legs.
"Repeat what I say.
Is anyone there?"
Yes. Your Majesty.
Would you care for a night snack?
All right.
Yes. Your Majesty.
Have a night snack brought in.
Have plenty brought in.
You scared me.
Calling upon me so frequently
will upset the queen.
Will it not?
What choice do I have?
I only sleep soundly next to you.
Get up.
Sir.
You can go now.
Once every three nights.
when the curfew bell sounds.
wait by the west palace gate.
Don't be late.
You shall not speak
of anything about tonight.
You found the right man.
Follow me looking at my heels only.
Be careful.
Three!
Spare me. my lord.
He was charged
with telling of lewd stories.
I beg of you.
I never knew it constituted a crime.
I'm telling the truth.
The gentry talk
of far more lewd things. do they not?
Who are you comparing yourself to?
-Four!
Whoever it was that ratted me out.
I shall kill the wretched bastard.
-Five!
Hold it.
Does it hurt?
Spare me. my lord.
I hear about a new young courtesan
who just arrived at Honglu.
How about it? Her in exchange for this.
But it's not up to me to decide.
-My lord.
-Hit the shit out of him!
Save me. my lord!
Take all the time you need. miss.
Did you say you were from Jeonju?
Yes.
How old are you?
Fifteen.
I am terribly sorry.
I miss my mama.
Not a single chick was killed.
If arsenic was present.
even in the smallest dose.
it would have killed the chicks.
If it wasn't poison.
what turned the spoon black?
Recently. they started using
bamboo salt to season the king's food.
Bamboo salt?
Yes. Your Majesty.
The iron found in bamboo salt
changed the color of the spoon.
I implore you. sire.
and I offer my head to say this.
If this is about Yu.
I shall not hear more of it.
Forgive me. Your Majesty.
but Yu Jeong-ho
would never plot treason against you.
Enough.
I know it. too.
Yu is my loyal servant
and trusted brother-in-law.
But I'll need to sacrifice someone like Yu
in order to gain their trust.
Sir. the royal physician sent for you.
Come this way.
It appears that he's been poisoned.
Will he recover?
Forgive me.
but I cannot confirm
anything at this point.
We may need to prepare
for a national calamity.
Who else knows about this?
So far. only myself and Chief Eunuch.
I shall take full responsibility
for what I'm about to say.
Both you and Chief Eunuch
shall remain silent
about His Majesty's condition.
But. sir.
You know better than anyone
that you will not live
if the king passes away.
If the word about this gets out.
the court will fall
into unimaginable chaos.
That is clearly
what the conspirator wanted.
The king is bedridden because of a cold.
Please wake Captain Do
and fetch the jester at once.
Take His Majesty to a remote temple.
Absolutely no one is to know about this
until the poison is identified
and His Majesty recovers.
It's not the night we've arranged for.
The king must be going somewhere nice.
I see the beating
didn't teach you anything.
I beg your pardon?
Was it you that ratted me out?